readme.md, before:

## Beep Boop

#### by Ron Craig (ron.craig@comcast.net)

## Brief Description
### A program that allows a user to input a number.
### The program will return a range of numbers from 0 to the chosen number.
### In between, there will be three different exceptions.

## Setup
### A program that allows a user to input a number.
### The program will return a range of numbers from 0 to the chosen number.
### In between, there will be three different exceptions.

## Beep Boop Specifications (incrementing number)

### Program replaces numbers containing 0 with "Beep!"
#### Input: 0
#### Output: [Beep!]

### Program replaces numbers containing 1 with "Boop!"
#### Input: 1
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!]

### Program replaces numbers divisible by 3 with "I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
#### Input: 3
#### Output: [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.]

### Program replaces 1 with values from 0 and ends at 1. Exceptions are included for values less than 1.
#### Input: 1
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!]

### Program replaces 2 with values from 0 and ends at 2. Exceptions are included for values less than 2.
#### Input: 2
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [2]

### Program replaces 3 with values from 0 and ends at 3. Exceptions are included for values less than 3.
#### Input: 3
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.]

### Program replaces 4 with values from 0 and ends at 4. Exceptions are included for values less than 3.
#### Input: 4
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.] [4]

## Known Bugs
### None known issues at the moment.

## Support and contact details
_If you run into problems or have questions, please contact:_
* _Ron Craig at: ron.craig@comcast.net_

## Technologies Used
_HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS_

### License
*Distributed under the GPL License*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_Ron Craig_**

Commit message:

edit readme.md specs to input:6

readme.md, after:

## Beep Boop

#### by Ron Craig (ron.craig@comcast.net)

## Brief Description
### A program that allows a user to input a number.
### The program will return a range of numbers from 0 to the chosen number.
### In between, there will be three different exceptions.

## Setup
### A program that allows a user to input a number.
### The program will return a range of numbers from 0 to the chosen number.
### In between, there will be three different exceptions.

## Beep Boop Specifications (incrementing number)

### Program replaces numbers containing 0 with "Beep!"
#### Input: 0
#### Output: [Beep!]

### Program replaces numbers containing 1 with "Boop!"
#### Input: 1
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!]

### Program replaces numbers divisible by 3 with "I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
#### Input: 3
#### Output: [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.]

### Program replaces 1 with values from 0 and ends at 1. Exceptions are included for values less than 1.
#### Input: 1
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!]

### Program replaces 2 with values from 0 and ends at 2. Exceptions are included for values less than 2.
#### Input: 2
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [2]

### Program replaces 3 with values from 0 and ends at 3. Exceptions are included for values less than 3.
#### Input: 3
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.]

### Program replaces 4 with values from 0 and ends at 4. Exceptions are included for values less than 3.
#### Input: 4
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.] [4]

### Program replaces 5 with values from 0 and ends at 5. Exceptions are included for values less than 3.
#### Input: 5
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.] [4] [5]

### Program replaces 5 with values from 0 and ends at 6. Exceptions are included for values less than 3.
#### Input: 6
#### Output: [Beep!] [Boop!] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.] [4] [5] [I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.]

## Known Bugs
### None known issues at the moment.

## Support and contact details
_If you run into problems or have questions, please contact:_
* _Ron Craig at: ron.craig@comcast.net_

## Technologies Used
_HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS_

### License
*Distributed under the GPL License*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_Ron Craig_**
